So I’m currently sitting in the dunes and writing this post. Today’s my birthday and I became 26 years old. 

It’s been a great day so far having had dinner with my brother and father in the afternoon, and going out to 
have a beer afterwards with just my brother. I decided since it was such a beautiful day I’d go out for a walk 
in the dunes, and since my brother is not much of a dune lover/walker I went alone. I’m sitting here on a bench 
and except for the highway right next to these dunes, it’s pure serenity. With birds chirping and rabbit’s running about.

So I decided it was time for a new post since my last post is already around 16 days old. I tried logging in to Github 
on my phone and copying the last .txt post, but that didn’t work out haha. So I’ll email this text to myself and 
upload it to Github once I’m home again.

So yeah, 26 years old. I’m now closer to 30 than I am to 20. But I don’t think about that too much.
I’ve had some great inspiration and motivation over the past weeks to, well, first of all start this personal website, but 
second of all to slowly but surely start working on my own games. 

I’ve been fascinated with webgames ever since I was young. The ease of access and creative homemade feel to them has just 
always appealed to me. I think this stems from my youth where I experienced the internet when it was just so free and, unregulated 
and less commercial. It was an outlet for creative and adventurous people to express themselves in any way shape or form. That’s how 
we got games such a Runescape, or the countless of flash games, or websites such as Nitrome on which we could play amazingly creative 
and fun games (my favorite being Skywire, the themesong is just amazing). And I kind of miss that feeling nowadays. I just don’t see 
that kind of freedom and weirdness on the internet nowadays.

There was a time when there were endless mmo’s available (some better than others). 

--(Got a call from my brother about our Youtube channel and other game we’re working on together haha)--

So anyways, like I was saying, I just miss the feeling of finding new online worlds to explore, socializing with people online on 
a deeper level because you were both new to the game you were playing and didn’t know jack sh*t about it yet. I miss the simplistic 
and super functional designs of games, and with designs I’m talking about every single design aspect of the game. The UI, the graphics, 
the gameplay, the accessibility, the openness, the 'this is the game world, do with it as you please'. I want games to be over glorified 
chatboxes in which you can grind for 5 minutes or for 20 hours and still not be bored because you could always just return to your friends 
and chat with them. Even the design of the old game websites were just awesome. Fonts were nice and small, and sites were not ‘responsive’. 
Which meant that sites just worked, because they were made with a standard width of 800px for example. People were expressing themselves and 
coming up with creative new ideas, and they just made it. There were no engines like Godot, Unity or Unreal Engine. There was Flash, and you 
could make what you wanted and it simply worked in your browser, and was available to everyone in the world. There were no Youtube video’s 
showing you how to do everything, which meant people had to figure things out for themselves, which translated into new and fun ideas and games.

Well I guess what I’m trying to say is that I miss the old internet, the 2000-2010’ish internet. The goal of this website is to bring a little of that 
awesomeness back. To create my own piece of internet history. I’ll start working on my own games and projects, which will all be documented right 
here for anyone interested to read about and eventually download.

I also like documenting/archiving things I find throughout the internet. Since websites are ever changing, I think it’s important to make sure the 
internet history is not lost. There are great websites like Wayback Machine, on which I often find myself revisiting websites I went to as a child, 
and take screenshots of the old websites so I know for sure that it isn’t lost or that I can’t find it again. 
And sometimes by randomly browsing the web or old forums you might find some super obscure old website of someone or of a company that hasn’t changed 
their website in like 10+ years, and that’s cool to see. So I'm going to be adding a section on this website on which you can see screenshots of this website 
whenever I make any significant changes to it. This way I can preserve the evolution of this website and see the progress/changes I'm making overtime.

This longing of mine for the old internet is partly because of nostalgia, but also partly because nowadays some websites have just become so bloated with 
nonsense, or they just look so ugly and ‘too big’. Anyways, I might upload some of what I found over the years, or I will at least post about cool stuff I found every now and then. It’s what give’s me inspiration 
for my own upcoming games and projects.

The goal is to create fun online multiplayer games which are easily available, preferably through the web. And I want to hand code them. It will be a product 
of my own imagination, creativity and perseverance. So hopefully in the not so distant future, I can share it with anyone who’s interested.

Thanks for reading if you’ve made it this far. And if you’d like to contact me or share your memories of the ‘olden’ internet with me, then send me 
an email at rob@gldfish.com.

Cheers, birthday boy Rob.